feat(client-presence): broadcast control defaults (#23120)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/framework/presence/README.md

Notifications are fundamentally unreliable at this time as there are no built-in acknowledgements nor retained state. To prevent most common loss of notifications, always check for connection before sending.

### Throttling

> Throttling is not yet implemented. `BroadcastControls` exists in the API to provide control over throttling of value updates, but is not yet implemented. It is recommends that `BroadcastControls.allowableUpdateMLatencyMs` use is considered and specified to light up once support is added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throttling is not yet implemented. `BroadcastControls` exists in the API to provide control over throttling of value updates but is not yet implemented. It is recommended that `BroadcastControls.allowableUpdateLatencyMs` use is considered and specified to light up once support is added.
```
